[Music]
sometimes online flirting can get
annoying on the whole unimaginative
pickup attempts meet with equally
straightforward put downs but
occasionally the biting replies to
romantic messages prove so incredibly
witty that they cause hysterical
laughter instead of disappointment here
are 11 witty put-downs sad old texts
pickup lines hey send me a pic of you in
your bra okay here you go
[Music]
well I know that one atom of iodine
waves less than three atoms of uranium
so what I can barely breathe
oh because of your love for me no
because I've over eaten I can't find
words to express how beautiful you are
oh thank you but I can express it with
numbers three out of 10 tell me you
really haven't set eyes on any other
girl since we've started dating just
because I'm gonna die it doesn't mean I
can't look at them it can I follow your
home today only with your eyes boy only
with your eyes haven't I been there for
you when you were ill don't tell me
you've forgotten my homemade soup wait a
minute honey
the way I remember it is first I ate
your soup
then I fell ill I really liked your name
thank you I got it for my birthday I
[Music]
only go out with my girlfriend after
midnight why is that everything was
already closed around this time so I
don't have to spend money on cafes and
restaurants as for her she just thinks
I'm romantic you're a bloody genius
there's a huge thunderstorm outside wish
you were here right now just you me and
the rain if I'd known it was going to
rain I wouldn't have watered those damn
Tomatoes send me your photo I haven't
got any well just map yourself in the
mirror okay here you go if you enjoyed
the video hit that thumbs up button and
if you're visiting our channel for the
first time click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life